# 15112 Term Project
Welcome to QuackQuest, an exciting game where you take on the role of a mother duck who has to navigate through a maze in the dark to find her baby ducks. As you progress through the game, more of the maze becomes visible, but you must find all the baby ducks before the sun rises. If you fail to do so, you will lose the game. 

To make things more challenging, the mother duck can break through some walls, but only a limited number of times. So, you need to plan your moves carefully to find the shortest path to finish the task before time runs out. 

QuackQuest offers two game modes, generated by Depth First Search and Prim's algorithms. The second mode is relatively harder because there are more dead ends, making it more challenging to find the baby ducks. Each mode also has a 2-player version, so you can play with a friend to collaboratively collect the baby ducks. 

Have fun saving the ducks!
___________________________________________________________________________
How to run
The user will open the 'main.py' file in the same location as to run the game.
___________________________________________________________________________
Libraries needed: cmu_112_graphics 
Link to install: https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~112/notes/notes-graphics.html
___________________________________________________________________________
Shortcut Commands

Press the 'h' key to enter the instructions page to see all of the following information.

Moving in the maze: 
	1-player mode: hold the 'up' key to move up, 'down' key  to move down, 'left' key to move left, 'right' key to move right
	2-player mode (WASD system): hold the 'w' key to move up, 's' key to move down, 'a' key to move left, 'd' key to move right

'b' key to activate break mode and press on the wall you want to break

'3' key to hide the ducks (the ducks are visible and act as a hint for the mother duck by default. If you hide the ducks, only the ones within your visibility range will appear and the game gets more complex since it also needs to find the ducks)

hold the 'v' key to view the full maze

'=' key to increase maze size
'-' key to decrease maze size'

'r' to restart the current game
'm' to go back to the menu page
___________________________________________________________________________

Link to video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yW8AU0Pt2Sc
